welcome to the man of recaps this is
survivor winners at war episode 9 the
tribe has just come back from voting out
Wendell a big question I had last week
was was Michele in on it but no she
wasn't they thought she was too close to
Wendell's she's like guys I've been
wanting him out this whole time now on
the edge of extinction there's a new
scavenger hunt the clue to this one is
step back and assess history repeats
itself so they all go off searching the
areas where advantages have already been
found it is Danni though who thinks you
know I bet it's not from this season
it's from a previous season because step
back and assess is what Aubrey did when
she found her advantage she tells this
idea to Parvati the two of them go
looking and indeed the advantage is in
the same place the advantage is the
50/50 coin flip at tribal council you
can flip it you've got a 50/50 shot of
getting immunity this time there's no
set price for it the girls can ask for
as many fire tokens as they want
Parvati knows that michelle has the most
fire tokens right now she's like hey
let's ask Michelle for four that way we
each get two then it's time for the
first reward challenge of the season
immunity is not up for grabs in this one
they pick teams and the winning team
gets a Chinese food feast it's a
straightforward challenge they got to
collect a net full of fish then put it
on the pole and bring it over then do
the fish puzzle does anyone else have
deja vu like they played with this
puzzle as a kid if you did you remember
it's real difficult because these fish
all have slight variations on a very
similar shape Nick and Jeremy look like
they've got it but oh they're just off
so it's Sophia Michelle who win reward
for their team but Sarah asks if she
could give her spot to someone else she
hands it to Nick just cuz it's his
birthday everyone's trying to figure out
what's her angle here what kind of
master strategy is this I don't trust
her as far as I can throw her and I
can't throw very far she claims it's
just to be a nice person she's not
really that hungry nose nick is and it
is his birthday
my secret theory is she just doesn't
like Chinese food that much so the
winning team is chowing down they have a
fun time opening all their fortune
cookies looking for potential idol clues
after the feast Michelle finds in her
bag the 50/50 coin flip advantage now
for fire tokens are all of her tokens
and that's a steep price to pay for
something that's only a 50/50 shot but
our fortune cookie fortunes basically
said go for it so she's like I'll trust
the survivor gods I'm buying it then
once again immunity is back up for grabs
they have to balance themselves on these
triangles and the water looks real
choppy some people are no good at this
challenge while others have really
impressive balance once they move up to
the very top it immediately eliminates
everyone except for Kim and Ben Ben must
be some kind of surfer because he's
riding that thing like a pro Kim has a
much more precarious stance I don't know
if she's gonna last but in the end a big
wave knocks bad off of it and Kim wins
immunity she broke a survivor record
she's now the woman with the most
individual immunity wins that's how she
won her season was an immunity beast
towards the end will she go on out on
here they get back to camp and it looks
like it's gonna be an easy vote Nick and
Adam are the two guys on the bottom
they've got enough numbers to split the
vote and even if one plays an idol the
others still going home but it's never
that easy especially on winners at war
and it goes to Tyson hey man I heard
your name out there sophie was trying to
vote you out Nick did completely make
that up but the chaos now take the
spotlight off him no one wants to vote
out Sophie right now but while they're
talking Adam suggests Sarah cuz he
doesn't trust her but then because I
don't convinced everyone to vote Sarah
that puts a target back on Adam Ben
pulls Adam aside these two have been
allies the entire game but seem to have
not really liked each other their
rivalry comes to a head here cuz Ben
knows Adam suggested Sarah because she's
close to Ben then all hell breaks loose
everyone say in every single name there
is no unified plan at all
at Tribal Council just asking them
questions like normal but no one's even
listening cuz they're all having side
Conville whispering all over the place
plans are changing last-minute it ends
up in a hilarious situation where Adam
and Ben are having a loud argument on
opposite sides of the group but the rest
of the tribes not even listening they're
still whispering amongst themselves
eventually everyone settles down and
Adams like okay so who did we decide to
vote for and it is absolute crickets no
one's even looking at him yeah clearly
they're all voting for him but he's not
done fighting yet earlier Adam had a
theory that there might be an immunity
idol hidden at tribal there's a
noticeable fleur-de-lis decoration on
Jeff's podium and apparently the idols
this season kind of look like that so
when Jeff asks if anyone has an idol
they want to play Adam gets up and goes
for it this would be epic but it doesn't
come off he's like I was worth a shot I
thought that might be an idol
Jeff draws it out let's Adam officially
declare that he wants to play that idol
but it is
an immunity idol Jeff was just messing
with him you can be sure though that in
a future season they will hide an idol
there now but for now the votes come out
it's a huge majority for Adam it was
worth the shot always Adam gives us fire
talking to Denise and he is off to the
edge of extinction the tribes getting
smaller now where will battle lines be
drawn by now next time on Survivor
winners at war hit that subscribe button
for more of the best recaps of TV and
movies and click the join button to
support the channel and be a recap
champion